Now let's talk about what we're going to Khowar on this course we have a lot to cover on this cause
just to name a few.
Spring Corps which provides the spring IOC container basically at the heart of Spring Framework itself
spring web.
And most importantly spring and we see for developing web applications spring data for handling all
sorts of data operations spring actuator which gives you of control over your application by providing
useful metrics and interfaces.
Subring rest for build restful API.
And of course spring boot which helps you develop production grade applications without the overhead.
Well we'll actually be coloring much more than these.
And I'm really excited to get you started.
To understand what spring really is I'll see you on the next video.